-----------------Wage Access------------------

Q. What is Abhi?
Ans. Employees are able to access their earned but unpaid salary anytime, anywhere via the app or SMS. They can withdraw their salary, pay their bills and send money to family or friends whenever they want. With ABHI, employees can work without financial stress and employers can enjoy higher productivity. 

Q. Why Choose Abhi?
Ans. 55% emploees face unexpected expenses that can't be paid through their monthly salary
     85% emploees showed interest in using the Earned Wage Access service
     81% of emploers believe that employees' morale and well-being is affected when they can't access funds in an emergency.  

Q. Can I use ABHI if my company is not onboarded? 
Ans. Just speak to the HR department at your organization and make sure you are added to the system. You should have no problem signing in! 

Q. How do I get my company onboard? 
Ans. You can ask your HR about the cool benefit you've found and make them get in touch with us via our contact us page, we will reach out to them and make sure you and your colleagues get the EWA facility. 

Q. How does the repayment work? 
Ans. The owed amount is paid to ABHI by your employer along with the Rs.100 service fee and your remaining salary is credited to you in the next payroll cycle. 

Q. How much salary can I access using ABHI?
Ans. Upto 50% of your earned salary.

Q. What is the subscription or signup fee?
Ans.There is no sign up or subscription fee for you or your company, you only pay when you transact.

Q. How much does ABHI charge?
Ans. Rs. 100 per transaction, regardless of how big or small it is.

Q. How will I pay back my transacted amount?
Ans.Your company will automatically deduct the transacted amount and the transaction fee from your salary, before your payroll gets processed.Your remaining salary will get credited into your account by your company with the regular payroll.

Q.How to use Abhi?
Ans. Step 1: Download the App, and Login using your CNIC Number
     Step 2: Check your balance on the Homescreen and click on (Nikalo Abhi) to access the amount.
     Step 3: Enter the amount you require and select your account
     Step 4: Check your details and click confirm and your amount will be transferred into your account within 30 seconds.

Q. Is this Shariah Compliant service
Ans.Yes it's 100% Shariah Compliant service


